Adding basic example to create-instance (#894)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/create-instance.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic example

> This example will create a new Octopus Server instance on the machine named `MyNewInstance` and set the home directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a new Octopus Server instance on the machine named `MyNewInstance` and sets the home directory:
```
